# GE_1354_Group_Project

## 1. Basic Info
The group project of GE-1354 is an attached project of GE-1354, which provides students enrolled in the class a stage to show their group work experience, teamwork spirit, hands-on skills and coding skills (it can be easily replaced by ChatGPT, claude and others nowadays).

The group project takes 22% of the total score of the whole class. It takes a few week to complete the whole process, but I like to plan at a relatively early time.

This readme file is specially for our group members, it can also serve as a bulletin which shows our work and collaboration -- that is also the spirit of github.

### 1.1 Group info
The group is a 4-people group which combined from two 2-person group at the previous 2 lab sessions on week4 and week5.

The group can be divided into three parts (I don't think that is very suitable for 4 people):
- Micro:Bit programming
- Electronic components
- Presentation (powerpoint making and short lecture)

### 1.2 Project info
The acceptable (but not limited) range of this project can be:
#### A. Entertainment tools (educational):
- Digital pets: Interactive, with multi-senses feedback.
- Digital games: With micro;Bit sensors and actuators.
- Electonic musical instrument: If we have the ability to do that, I think it is the must to do that, but it may be too difficult.
- Magic Game Box: Maybe the simplest project choice: Design a magic or a memory game box with 3 different color LEDs and 3 switches.

#### B. Monitoring and Control Systems:
- Obstacle Radar: detects obstacles and provides visual and sound alerts.
- Home Security System: detect motion or intrusion and send alerts wirelessly.
- Multi-Point Weather Monitoring System: Collect and display weather data from multiple locations.

#### C. Smart Automation Devices 
- Remote Home Automation System: remotely control and monitor home appliances using wireless communication between Micro: bits.
- DIY Temperature-Controlled Fan System: adjusts speed or activates based on temperature levels. Separate fan is required.
- Smart Lighting System: Automate and control lighting based on ambient light levels or motion detection.

Those are just good examples provided by previous tech docs, we can brainstorm better ideas with AI agents.

### 1.3 Equipment info
Except for the default features of Micro:Bit, we also have:
#### MINIMUM scale:
- Hardware: 2 Micro:bits, 2 or more sensors, 2 or more actuators.
- Software: Must exist connections between two Micro:Bits (Wireless or USB)

#### PROVIDED equipments:
- Ultrasonic Module
- RGB, LED board
- OLED display
- Servo

### 1.4 Programming lang: Python

### 1.5 Presentation timeline:
As products should come first, there are not any contents there, yet.

### 1.6 Grading Rubric:
- Innovation points
- Software Algorithms (I think AI can easily did this, just use "claude code" and everything works well)
- Live demo
- Statistic demo and presentation.
- Documentation of the project (like this readme file). In fact, we can directly show the repistory as it is public.

## 2. Timeline (Official):
- Week 8-9: Problem identification and initial design:
- Week 10: Project consultation, Design of the whole system.
- Week 11: Integration of Software and Hardware.
- Week 12: Live demo
- Week 13: Statistic demo, presentation, tech doc.

## 3. Timeline (group):
As one of our group members have posted her schedules in our wechat group (I think whatsapp is better), my schedule is based on hers, you can make adjustment to that. 
- Week3 and Week4: Generate ideas or topics
- End of Week4: Group meeting: Prove the availability of the plan, make workflow and the structure of this repistory.
- Week5 to 10: Find materials of the project, Coding the repistory and verify. Build easy prototype of the machine. Make drafts of the tech docs.
- Week11: Integration of software and Hardware.
- After that: We all know what we can do.

## 4. What I can do?
For me I want to do the software work, group members can work out their own ideas via ai or brainstorm with other members.

Once the idea be accepted by every group members, I will write the code in the ide, and verify then upload it to this repistory, so that you can examine and modify it.

Also if you have your own schedule, just come to me or come to other members of the group. My email is DuboLee@proton.me

## 5. Which tools we can use beside they provided?

#### AI tools (available until now):
- Claude, ChatGPT (Free version), 
- Google Gemini (Workspace version), GeminiCLI, Google Vertex AI studio, Firebase, Perplexity, Copilot, Grok, Poe
- Agents: Manus (Free plan), Anygen by Bytedance, Github Copilot.

#### Forum:
- Social Media: Discourse, Github, X, Facebook, Weikipedia, PTT.
- Broder horizon: Tor network.

## Other notifications:
- I am not professional and this md file is not generated by ai, so it may have some typos, I am sorry if you encountered that.
- I am not that familiar with github and I am currently studying it. So the layout may not that good. (-_-)



I hope this project can bring you a little joy and unforgettable experience in your life in cityu Hong Kong.





Last modified, 23:18 Jan 22, 2026. Modified by Zeonming, Wong.
